intro:
"You wake slowly to the harsh light and hum of flourescent tube lights. Under you, the ground is hard but carpeted, turning your attention reveals a faded red carpet with floral patterns, like you might expect to find in a hotel lobby. The walls are covered with a rough-textured, linen cloth looking wallpaper. Wall sconces provide ambience, but not apparently any additional light beyond the overhead tubes. The hall is only long enough to accommodate the two rooms on each side, behind the two doors directly opposite each other on either side. Behind you is simply a solid wall with an additional sconce, across from you the hallway terminates in a door with a sign above that reads 'EXIT'."

hallway:
"Faded red carpet with a floral pattern stretches the length of the hallway, wall to wall. The wallpaper is a rough, linen cloth style, interrupted by two doors on either side and one at the far end, as well as decorative sconces, one on either side and another on the wall behind you. Above the door at the far end is a sign that reads 'EXIT'."

hallway_dark:
"You remember that the carpet is faded red, but can no longer see it clearly. The roughness of the wallpaper can be felt but no longer seen. The glow of the sign at the far end of the hall still marks the 'EXIT'."

room1:
"The room seems to be an ordinary hotel room with two beds separated by a nightstand, two doors, labelled as 'Bathroom' and 'Closet', and a curtained window. The carpet and wallpaper match from the hallway, but the light here seems to come only from the lamp on the nightstand."

"The closet is decidedly plain, having only a pull down ironing board, bar to hang clothes, and an iron on a wall mount."

"The bathroom is sparse, as expected. There is an empty shower that has no curtain, a toilet, and a countertop with a single sink and mirror. On the counter is a hair dryer and a coffee maker, with carafe (or coffee pot) and single serve coffee packets. The light from above the mirror is softer than the hallway, but plenty bright." 

room1_dark:
"You can still make out the furniture and the closet door, but little more than shapes in the darkness."

"Without the light from the lamp, the closet is merely a black void."

"Something about the echoes in the darkness of the bathroom is unsettling. The mirror gives the impression of movement, but in an otherworldly window through the wall."

room2:
"The room seems to be an ordinary hotel room with two beds separated by a nightstand with a lamp, two doors, labelled as 'Bathroom' and 'Closet', and a curtained window. The carpet and wallpaper match from the hallway, the light from the ."

"The closet is decidedly plain, having only a pull down ironing board, bar to hang clothes, and an iron on a wall mount."

"The bathroom is sparse, as expected. There is an empty shower that has no curtain, a toilet, and a countertop with a single sink and mirror. On the counter is a hair dryer, toothbrush, and toothpaste. The light from above the mirror is softer than the hallway, but plenty bright." 

room2_dark:
"You can still make out the furniture and the closet door, but little more than shapes in the darkness."

"Without the light from the room, the closet is merely a black void."

"Something about the echoes in the darkness of the bathroom is unsettling. The mirror gives the impression of movement, but in an otherworldly window through the wall."

room3:
"In stark contrast to the hallway, you stand in a kitchen. Tile flooring reaches from wall to wall, with plain taupe paint from floorboards to ceiling execpt the white subway tile backsplash above the countertop. There are many cabinets and drawers along two walls, broken up by a gas stove with a microwave above it, ending at a refrigerator next to a door. The granite countertop follows the cabinets, but has a sink set in below a curtained window on the far wall. The light overhead matches the tubes in the hallway."

"The pantry is relatively bare, and disappointingly small. There is a bottle of olive oil on one of the shelves."

room3_dark:
"The time showing on the front of the microwave is the only light, leaving the room bathed in black."

"There is only darkness here."

room4:
"The unfinished nature of the attic leaves it feeling dirty, despite appearing relatively clean. Exposed floorboards, wall studs, and rafters make the room feel a bit like a contruction site. Around the room you can see a cardboard box, a trunk, a mannequin, a standing mirror, a wardrobe, and a coffin. A single light bulb with pull chain lights the space."

room4_dark:
"You can almost feel the sound of your breathing, the stillness in the dark is so oppressive."
